Feature/disable scheduling (#73)
thomasjohnkane/snooze: README.md

If this method is not present on your notification, the notification will *not* be interrupted. Consider creating a shouldInterupt trait if you'd like to repeat conditional logic on groups of notifications.

**Conditionally turn off scheduler**

> If you would like to turn off all notifications for your app, set an env variable of `SCHEDULED_NOTIFICATIONS_DISABLED` to `true` and it will turn off the auto scheduler. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to disable sending of scheduled notifications, set an env variable of `SCHEDULED_NOTIFICATIONS_DISABLED` to `true`. You will still be able to schedule notifications, and they will be sent once the scheduler is enabled.

This could be useful for ensuring that scheduled notifications are only sent by a specific server, for example.
```
